how big of a challenge our Tamba Hali
and Justin Houston to kind of make sure
you know where they're at at all times
well know where those guys are you know
Holly and used to get enough you know
they're great football players that some
of the best guys in the league got to do
a great job of slowing them down you're
going to see Ron Parker out there what
are your memories of camp last year in
that group of corners you were thrown
out with all the different guys are up
there well wrong talkers been playing
great for them definitely see it on film
he's played corner he's played safety
you can do it all and and so they'll be
exciting go against him just because you
don't he's a great football player he's
got a lot of talented you get so many
guys here it's tough to make it here but
I thought that he's playing extremely
good football right now did you get a
sense going when said group in camp last
year there's kind of an unusual amount
of talent cut all the guys you up now
plus Brown or Thurman would feel all
those guys yeah you think about all the
talent we had last campus past camping
all the times before you know we've had
so much talent the cornerback position
and obviously we've had some guys go
different teams and be very very
successful and when you look at Ron
Parker that's what he's doing for the
kids to choose one cast is for pretty
cold temperatures you played obviously
get bad weather before how's it
different to plain cold as opposed to
rain um you know in terms of the cold
weather you know they got so many
heaters on the sideline got the gloves
you got the little heat pack in your
pocket there so that'll be all right you
know I know it'll be cold the question
is how the how the ground will be how
the grass will be if the ground will be
frozen or not depending how cold it is
that's kind of thing they get to get
prepared for it make sure you get your
Tribune your retraction and making sure
that you have your balance and
everything you do does it affect your
ability to grip the ball 10 I'm not
relaxing big hands in terms of gripping
the football is not usually a problem
ever we're also for year last five games
you've had a passer rating under 80
missed some throws you typically make
over the last couple weeks how do you
kind of evaluate how you've played over
the stretch and where are you lacking at
the moment currently well you know I
think my after she's been a little bit
off for whatever reason and just I keep
believing in myself i'm not going to
doubt myself a lot of great football
times and I just believe every time I
get the ball on my hands on it makes
that's never going to change my
confidence never wavers you know
sometimes you go through a downward
slope as long as you can find ways to
win that's all I care about you know
it's find a way to to help our football
team win and once I believe it once i
get back in my group which hopefully it
will happen this week you know I think
it's gonna be really hard to stop us
because of how our defense is playing
out Marshawn is running the football and
so there's been a lot of opportunities
you know that's a good thing there's
been a lot of opportunities that we
could have capitalized on and we haven't
you know I think some of that's on me
and I look forward to those moments
again whenever they come back up I
believe that those game altering plays
I'm going to make you talked before
about footwork being one of the main
culprits is that you find that still
being the case I mean I think sometimes
you know I think someone's I'm just been
footwork and sometimes maybe just just
rushing just a little bit too fast and I
think that one of my one of my strengths
is just being poisoned in certain times
and I think that I just had to always go
back to that always going to being calm
as possible just being smooth as
possible and making those throws and
just hit it when it's there Russell you
have consecutive running plays whether
it's scramble or by design is there is
if the third plays the past is a little
harder to compose yourself after running
in the hitting no I don't think so I
don't think about it at least I don't
think it makes a difference in terms of
obviously you know I've had to run the
ball a few more times than normal and in
terms of in terms of does it affect the
passing a map I don't think so I do
think your adrenaline is going a little
bit more and so we kept it naturally and
I've done this you know it solves a
young kid haven't been honest Graham
all that so I think I'm used to it but
one thing you have to kind of figure out
and make sure that you know it's just
stay calm and stay poised and I think
that's part of it because your drill
running so high from running around from
all those big guys so you know we get
back out there you know every plays a
new play for me and that's what that's
what I'm looking forward to this week